{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green203\blue211;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy for Tutor Polly
\f1\b0 \
Effective Date: Dec14, 2023\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 1. Introduction\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Welcome to 
\f0\b \cf2 Tutor Polly
\f1\b0 \cf2 ! This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose information when you use our iPhone application. By using our app, you agree to the terms outlined in this policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 2. Information We Collect\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 2.1 User Input Data\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Our app uses the ChatGPT API to correct language sentences. Any text input provided by users for correction is processed by the API in real-time. We do not store or transmit this user input data to our servers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2.2 Speech Practice Data\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 For speech practice, we utilize Google Text-to-Speech. The text provided by users for speech practice is sent to Google's servers for real-time speech synthesis. We do not store or retain this speech practice data.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2.3 Analytic Data\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We use Apple's built-in analytics to collect anonymized and aggregated usage information. This may include device information, app crashes, and general usage statistics. This data is collected by Apple and is subject to Apple's privacy policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 3. How We Use Information\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 3.1 User Input Data\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 User input data sent to the ChatGPT API is processed in real-time for language sentence corrections within the app. We do not store or use this data for any purpose beyond the immediate correction process.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3.2 Speech Practice Data\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Text provided for speech practice is sent to Google's servers for real-time speech synthesis. We do not store or use this data beyond the immediate synthesis process.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3.3 Analytic Data\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Analytic data collected by Apple is used to understand user behavior, improve app performance, and enhance user experience. This information is only accessed in aggregate form, and individual user activities are not tracked.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 4. Information Sharing and Disclosure\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer user input or speech practice data to third parties. Analytic data collected by Apple is subject to Apple's privacy policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 5. Security\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 We take reasonable measures to protect user input and speech practice data. However, it's important to note that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 6. Changes to this Privacy Policy\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected in the app, and your continued use of the app after the effective date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 7. Contact Us\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at tutorpolly.ghschool@gmail.com\
\
\
}